3.5.0
#####

Here is `the full list of fixed issues`_ in 3.5.

See our `New Features page`_ for a more user-friendly introduction to Moodle 3.5 with screenshots.

If you are upgrading from previous version, make sure you read the `Upgrading documentation`_.

.. _the full list of fixed issues: https://tracker.moodle.org/secure/IssueNavigator!executeAdvanced.jspa?jqlQuery=project+%3D+mdl+AND+resolution+%3D+fixed+AND+fixVersion+in+%28%223.5%22%29+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC&runQuery=true&clear=true
.. _New Features page: https://docs.moodle.org/35/en/New_features
.. _Upgrading documentation:  https://docs.moodle.org/35/en/Upgrading

Server requirements
-------------------

These are just the minimum supported versions. We recommend keeping all of your software and operating systems up-to-date.

* Moodle upgrade: Moodle 3.1 or later
* PHP version: minimum PHP 7.0.0 Note: minimum PHP version has increased since Moodle 3.3. PHP 7.1.x and 7.2.x are supported too. PHP 7.x could have some engine limitations.
* PHP extension intl is required since Moodle 3.4 (it was recommended in 2.0 onwards)
* (Recommendation only) If you use MySQL or MariaDB, make sure your database supports full UTF-8 (utf8mb4) if you install a new instance of Moodle. CLI script may be used to convert to utf8mb4 if you're upgrading. You may choose to keep using 'utf8_*', but then a warning will show that the database isn't using full UTF-8 support and suggest moving to 'utf8mb4_unicode_ci'. See MySQL full unicode support for details. If you do enable utf8mb4 you *must* use the Barracuda file format.


.. toctree::
  :maxdepth: 5
